.TH SAURON 1 "3 Mar 2003" 
.UC 4 
.SH NAME 
sauron \- free DNS & DHCP management system.


.SH DESCRIPTION 
.I Sauron
is a scalable system for management of DNS & DHCP services. 
Sauron is freely distributable under the GNU General Public License (GPL) 
and includes the following major features: 

.IP *
Able to manage DNS & DHCP services for multiple servers (enterprises).
.IP *
Dynamically generates complete DNS & DHCP configurations from a 
central SQL-database (PostgreSQL).
.IP *
Automatic generation of DNS 'reverse' zones, with support for smaller 
than C-class reverse delegations.
.IP *
Web interface with user & group based access controls.
.IP *
Command-line interface for administrators.

.PP
Sauron was created at the Computing Center of University of Jyvaskyla. 
It is still under development, but has been in production use since 
early 2001, managing the campus area network (CAN) with over 10,000 computers.

.SH SEE ALSO
.nf
Sauron User Guide
file:/usr/local/share/doc/sauron/index.html
.PP
http://sauron.jyu.fi/
.PP

.SH AUTHOR
Timo Kokkonen (tjko@iki.fi)

.SH COPYING
.nf
Copyright (C) 1999-2003  Timo Kokkonen
Copyright (C) 1999-2003  University of Jyvaskyla, 
                         Computing Center.
.PP
.fi
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.
 This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
 You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
